hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_EditQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_EditQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_DataBaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_DataBaseModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_NetworkModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/EditQuoteFragmentArgs.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.EditQuoteFragmentArgs
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.EditQuoteFragmentArgs$1
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.EditQuoteFragmentArgs$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/AppBarNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.AppBarNavigationDrawerBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/local/QuoteDB_Impl.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.QuoteDB_Impl
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.QuoteDB_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/di/DataBaseModule_ProvideQuoteDAOFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.DataBaseModule_ProvideQuoteDAOFactory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/UserUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.UserUseCase_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/Hilt_LoginActivity.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_LoginActivity
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_LoginActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/di/DataBaseModule_ProvideQuoteDBFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.DataBaseModule_ProvideQuoteDBFactory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_MainActivity
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_MainActivity$1
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/UserRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.UserRepositoryImpl_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_DataSourceModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_DataSourceModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/ActivityNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.ActivityNavigationDrawerBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/HomeViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/Hilt_NavigationDrawerActivity.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.Hilt_NavigationDrawerActivity
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.Hilt_NavigationDrawerActivity$1
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/InitApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.InitApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/UserRemoteDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.UserRemoteDataSourceImpl_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/HomeViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeViewModel_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/UserViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_AddQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_AddQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/QuoteRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.QuoteRepositoryImpl_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/QuoteLocalDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.QuoteLocalDataSourceImpl_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/local/daos/QuoteDAO_Impl.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$1
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$10
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$11
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$2
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$3
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$4
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$5
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$6
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$7
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$8
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.local.daos.QuoteDAO_Impl$9
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/GetQuotesUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.GetQuotesUseCase_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_view_LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/BuildConfig.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/ContentNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.ContentNavigationDrawerBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/QuoteItemBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.QuoteItemBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentAddQuoteBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentAddQuoteBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/NavHeaderNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.NavHeaderNavigationDrawerBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteListViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/ShowQuoteUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.ShowQuoteUseCase_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_InitApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_InitApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/remote/UserApiImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.remote.UserApiImpl_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/GetQuoteRandomUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.GetQuoteRandomUseCase_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionNavHomeToAddQuoteFragment
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionNavHomeToEditQuoteFragment
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/AddQuoteFragmentArgs.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.AddQuoteFragmentArgs
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.AddQuoteFragmentArgs$1
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.AddQuoteFragmentArgs$Builder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_UserModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_di_UserModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/AddQuoteViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.Hilt_HomeFragment
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_InitApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_InitApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_UserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_presentation_viewmodel_UserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/AddQuoteUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.AddQuoteUseCase_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.QuoteListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentEditQuoteBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentEditQuoteBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/UserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.UserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/Hilt_LoginFragment.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_LoginFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_NavigationDrawerActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._dev_cardoso_quotesmvvm_NavigationDrawerActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/DeleteQuoteUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.DeleteQuoteUseCase_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/ActivityAddQuoteBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.ActivityAddQuoteBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/AddQuoteFragmentDirections.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.AddQuoteFragmentDirections
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.AddQuoteViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/EditQuoteFragmentDirections.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.EditQuoteFragmentDirections
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/NavigationDrawerActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.NavigationDrawerActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/viewmodel/EditQuoteViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.viewmodel.EditQuoteViewModel_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/ui/home/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.ui.home.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/domain/usecase/EditQuoteUseCase_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.domain.usecase.EditQuoteUseCase_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/EditQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.EditQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/Hilt_EditQuoteFragment.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_EditQuoteFragment
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/AddQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.AddQuoteFragment_GeneratedInjector
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/di/NetworkModule_ProvideUserApiFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.NetworkModule_ProvideUserApiFactory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/presentation/view/Hilt_AddQuoteFragment.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.presentation.view.Hilt_AddQuoteFragment
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/remote/QuoteApiImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.remote.QuoteApiImpl_Factory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/di/NetworkModule_ProvideQuoteApiFactory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.di.NetworkModule_ProvideQuoteApiFactory
dev/cardoso/quotesmvvm/data/QuoteRemoteDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 dev.cardoso.quotesmvvm.data.QuoteRemoteDataSourceImpl_Factory
